Updated the Note for Android for outlook make it clearer. (#1760)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-Exchange: Exchange/ExchangeOnline/clients-and-mobile-in-exchange-online/outlook-for-ios-and-android/manage-outlook-for-ios-and-android.md

Exchange administrators can initiate a remote device wipe against Outlook for iOS and Android. Upon receiving the remote wipe request, the app will remove the profile and all data associated with it.

> [!NOTE]
> On Outlook for iOS and Android the following sentences are true:

> > * Supports the "Wipe Data" throught remote wipe command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * It supports "Wipe Data" through the remote wipe command.
```

> > * Does not support "Account Only Remote Wipe Device" command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * It does not support the "Account Only Remote Wipe Device" command.
```
